Q.1 A company is hosting a web application on AWS using a single Amazon EC2 
instance that stores user-uploaded documents in an Amazon EBS volume. 
For better scalability and availability, the company duplicated the architecture 
and created a second EC2 instance and EBS volume in another Availability Zone, 
placing both behind an Application Load Balancer. After completing this change, 
users reported that, each time they refreshed the website, they could see one 
subset of their documents or the other, but never all of the documents at the 
same time.What should a solutions architect propose to ensure users see 
all of their documents at once?
A.Copy the data so both EBS volumes contain all the documents
B.Configure the Application Load Balancer to direct a user to the server 
with the documents
C..Copy the data from both EBS volumes to Amazon EFS. Modify the application 
to save new documents to Amazon EFS
D.Configure the Application Load Balancer to send the request to both servers. 
Return each document from the correct server

Q.2 A company has an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances and uses 
an Amazon Aurora database. The EC2 instances connect to the database by using
user names and passwords that are stored locally in a file. The company wants 
to minimize the operational overhead of credential management.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this goal?
A..Use AWS Secrets Manager. Turn on automatic rotation. 
B.Use AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Turn on automatic rotation.
C.Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store objects that are encrypted with an 
AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. Migrate the credential 
file to the S3 bucket. Point the application to the S3 bucket.
D.Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume for 
each EC2 instance. Attach the new EBS volume to each EC2 instance. 
Migrate the credential file to the new EBS volume. Point the application to 
the new EBS volume.

Q.3 A company runs an ecommerce application on Amazon EC2 instances 
behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 
Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The Auto Scaling group 
scales based on CPU utilization metrics. The ecommerce application stores the 
transaction data in a MySQL 8.0 database that is hosted on a large EC2 instance.
The database's performance degrades quickly as application load increases. 
The application handles more read requests than write transactions. 
The company wants a solution that will automatically scale the database 
to meet the demand of unpredictable read workloads while maintaining high 
availability. Which solution will meet these requirements?
A.Use Amazon Redshift with a single node for leader and compute functionality.
B.Use Amazon RDS with a Single-AZ deployment. Configure Amazon RDS to add 
reader instances in a different Availability Zone.
C..Use Amazon Aurora with a Multi-AZ deployment. Configure Aurora Auto 
Scaling with Aurora Replicas.
D.Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with EC2 Spot Instances.

Q.4 A company is implementing a new business application. The application runs 
on two Amazon EC2 instances and uses an Amazon S3 bucket for document 
storage. A solutions architect needs to ensure that the EC2 instances can 
access the S3 bucket.What should the solutions architect do to meet this 
requirement?
A..Create an IAM role that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the role to the 
EC2 instances.
B.Create an IAM policy that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the 
policy to the EC2 instances.
C.Create an IAM group that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the 
group to the EC2 instances.
D.Create an IAM user that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the user 
account to the EC2 instances.

Q.5 A company wants to improve its ability to clone large amounts of production 
data into a test environment in the same AWS Region. The data is stored in 
Amazon EC2 instances on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. 
Modifications to the cloned data must not affect the production environment. 
The software that accesses this data requires consistently high I/O performance.
A solutions architect needs to minimize the time that is required to clone the 
production data into the test environment.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A.Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Restore the snapshots 
onto EC2 instance store volumes in the test environment.
B.Configure the production EBS volumes to use the EBS Multi-Attach feature. 
Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Attach the production 
EBS volumes to the EC2 instances in the test environment.
C.Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Create and initialize 
new EBS volumes. Attach the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test 
environment before restoring the volumes from the production EBS snapshots.
D..Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Turn on the EBS fast 
snapshot restore feature on the EBS snapshots. Restore the snapshots into 
new EBS volumes. Attach the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test 
environment.

Q.6 A solutions architect is using Amazon S3 to design the storage architecture 
of a new digital media application. The media files must be resilient to the loss 
of an Availability Zone. Some files are accessed frequently while other files are 
rarely accessed in an unpredictable pattern. The solutions architect must 
minimize the costs of storing and retrieving the media files.
Which storage option meets these requirements?
A.S3 Standard
B..S3 Intelligent-Tiering
C.S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
D.S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)

